WHERE PEOPLE CAN EXPRESS
OPINIONS INTERNALLY.
>> THIS IS AN OPINION THAT
DISTURBS ME.
IF SOMEBODY THAT SAID THIS THAT
WORKS FOR ME, ID FIRE THEM.
>>
WHO IS YOUR BIGGEST COME PET
TER?IS YOUR BIGGEST COME PET
TER?
>> WE HAVE A LOT OF COMPETITORS.
>> WE HAVEHO IS THE BIGGEST?ORS.
>> WE HAVEHO IS THE BIGGEST?
>> CAN I GIVE A BUNCH.
THREE CATEGORIES.
ONE IS THE TECH PLATFORMS.
GOOGLE, MIECROMICROSOFT.
>> IF I BUY A FORD AND IT
DOESNT WORK WELL, I CAN BUY A
CHEVY.
IF IM UPSET WITH FACEBOOK,
WHATS THE EQUIVALENT PRODUCT
THAT I CAN SIGN UP FOR?
>> THE SECOND CATEGORY THAT I
WAS GOING TO TALK ABOUT --T I
WAS GOING TO TALK ABOUT --
>> IM NOT TALKING ABOUT
CATEGORIES.
IM TALKING A REAL COMPETITION
YOU FACE.G A REAL COMPETITION
YOU FACE.
CAR COMPANIES FACE A LOT OF
COMPETITION IF THEY FACE AF
COMPETITION IF THEY FACE A
DEFECTIVE CAR.
PEOPLE STOP BUYING THAT CAR.
IS THERE AN ALTERNATIVE TO
FACEBOOK IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR?
>> YES.
THE AVER RAJ AMERICAN USES AGTS
DIFFERENT APPS TO COMMUNICATE
WITH THEIR FRIENDS AND STAY IN
TOUCH WITH PEOPLE.
>> THE SAME SERVICE YOU PROVIDE?
IS TWITTER THE SAME?
>> IT OVERLAPS.
>> YOU DONT THINK YOU HAVE A
MONOPOLY?
>> IT DOESNT FEEL LIKE THAT TO
ME.
>> IT DOESNT.
INSTAGRAM.NT.
INSTAGRAM.
YOU BOUGHT IT.
WHY DUDID YOU BUY INSTAGRAM?
>> THEY WERE VERIAL LENDED APP
DEVELOPERS MAKING GOOD USE OF
OUR PLATFORM AND UNDERSTOOD OUR
VALUES.
>> ITS A GOOD BUSINESS
DECISION.
MY POINT IS ONE WAY TO REGULATE
A COMPANY IS THROUGHTO REGULATE
A COMPANY IS THROUGH
COMPETITION, THROUGH GOVERNMENT
REGULATION.
HERES THE QUESTION THAT ALL OF
US NEED TO ANSWER.
WHAT DO WE TELL OUR CON STIMP
WENTS GIVEN WHATS HAPPENED HERE
WHY WE SHOULD LET YOU
SELF-REGULATE.
WHAT WOULD YOU TELL PEOPLE IN
SOUTH CAROLINA THAT GIVEN ALL
THE THINGS WE DISCOVERED HERE
ITS A GOOD IDEA FOR US TO RELY
UPON YOU TO REGULATE YOUR OWN
BUSINESS PRACTICES?
>> MY POSITION IS NOT THAT THERE
SHOULD BE NO REGULATION.AT THERE
SHOULD BE NO REGULATION.
I THINK THE INTERNET IS --
>> DO YOU EMBRACE REGULATION?
>> I THINK THE REAL QUESTION AS
THE INTERNET BECOMES MORE
IMPORTANT IN PEOPLES LIVES IS
WHAT IS THE RIGHT REGULATION.
>> YOU AS COMPANY, WELCOME
REGULATION?
>> I THINK IF ITS THE RIGHT
REGULATION THEN YES.E RIGHT
REGULATION THEN YES.
>> DO YOU THINK THE EUROPEANS
HAVE IT RIGHT?
>> I THINK THEY GET THINGS
RIGHT.
>> HAVE YOU EVER SUBMITTED --
THATS TRUE.
WOULD YOU WORK WITH US IN TERMS
OF WHAT REGULATIONS YOU THINK
ARE NECESSARY IN YOUR INDUSTRY?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> WOULD YOU SUBMIT TO US SOME
PROPOSED REGULATIONREGULATIONS?
>> YES.
ILL HAVE MY TEAM FOLLOW UP WITH